(One Night Two Days)
(Their journey began in Hongcheon.)
(One Night Two Days meet "Invincible Youth".)
(They hope that this leads to romance.)
(He's not proposing.)
(They were all forced to partner up.)
(Joon Young and Chae Yeon too.)
(The tearful reunion at Yuchi-ri)
(It all starts now.)
(They were here almost everyday 7 years ago.)
(The hot place, village hall)
Is this the village hall?
Yes, it is.
Ha Ra, go ahead and say hello.
You know these people.
(Shin Young enters first.)
Hello, everyone. Wang Gu!
(They hug each other in a tight embrace.)
- Wang Gu. - My gosh.
Goodness. How have you been?
(They're all happy to see each other.)
It's been so long.
- Hello. - Hi!
(They reunite.)
Goodness.
(Members of G6...)
(and the elders are all happy to see each other.)
- Hello. - Hi.
- Hello! - It's nice to meet you.
Do you recognize them?
It's Narsha and...
- All right. - Attention, everyone.
- Bow. - Bow to the elders!
- Hello. - Hi.
(It's nice to meet you all.)
It's an honor to be here at Korea's Hollywood.
That's right. We're here at the village hall.
Let me introduce you to...
the celebrities Driver Lee...
- Driver Lee. - And Wang Gu.
(The town can't function without Driver Lee.)
- Wang Gu? - Yes, Wang Gu.
He's the one who verified that it snowed in May.
He was the village headman seven years ago.
Now the job is for someone else.
He's the current village headman.
There was one before him.
- Here. - Oh, I get it.
We have two former village headman's here.
The 1st, 2nd, and 3rd village headman.
Sir, what's your name?
It's Shin Hyeon Hak.
- Mr. Shin Hyeon Hak. - Right.
He'll say a few welcoming words then.
We thank the teams of One Night Two Days...
and "Invincible Youth" for being here.
A lot of other celebrities...
including Shin Young who is here now...
visited us many years ago.
I thank you again for coming back to see us.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
(Thank you for letting us stay.)
Back in the day, we used to...
entertain everyone at the village hall.
Just like old times, the members of...
One Night Two Days and "Invincible Youth" will...
put on a fun talent show...
for you to enjoy.
In the meantime, enjoy your beverages.
In a short while, we'll put on a nice show.
- Okay. - That's right.
A talent show with a karaoke machine.
- We used to sing. - That we did.
- We sang for them. - Of course.
(They even rapped in front of the elderly.)
(To entertain the people of Yuchi-ri,)
(both teams will put on a performance.)
We'll get ready for a fun talent show,
so dance and sing with us if you want to.
Anyway, we'll be back shortly.
We won't clap if it isn't any fun.
Of course. We only want your honest opinion.
Let's do this. We'll do our best.
(We'll prepare an exciting show.)
- What should we sing? - "Oh My".
Where's my partner?
- "Oh My"? - It's a popular song.
What else is there?
There are a lot of trot songs.
Why can't you show some more passion?
- You keep being this way. - Like how?
(Jong Min and Ha Ra are off to a good start.)
Rhythm dancing? Thanks for the idea.
Defconn, go away.
What is that?
- The elderly love it. - Yes, they do.
What is it?
Don't move too much.
- Is that it? - Yes, now I turn.
- What is that? - Rhythm dancing.
- Like this? - Yes.
It's great.
- So... - Just bounce softly.
Really?
I didn't know about this.
(What about this then?)
This is better.
Right?
(One team is passionate,)
(while the others are clueless.)
We should keep it simple.
(Yu Ra's just watching them.)
You did this on "Invincible Youth".
- Of course. - You're familiar with it,
so we should go with rapping.
- That's right. - Right?
They're all leaning towards trot songs.
Right.
Do you know "Angry Woman" by Kim Hye Yeoun?
What?
- "Angry Woman". - "Angry Woman"?
I guess it's just me then.
(A trot song that only Gyeong Ree knows.)
- Let's see. - Do you know it?
Do you?
- Well... - You love me
(She starts singing.)
(She has a nasal voice...)
(that is charming in a teasing way.)
(They can't help but bounce to the beat.)
(Tae Hyun listens to the song.)
You're awesome.
Gosh, you're really good at this.
(This isn't bad!)
What should we do?
It's best to do silly dance moves.
- Do they like that? - Of course.
The leg shake?
Of course. Dancing to a fast-paced song...
will have them on their feet.
(The elderly respond to silly dancing.)
(Like this!)
Like this.
(What is that?)
- How do I look? - That's great.
- Isn't it good? - Cover your ears.
- Sorry? - Cover your ears.
I'm not listening to it. I can't.
What do you think?
What about another song?
It's not bad,
but this is what other teams will do.
(They honestly don't have any ideas.)
(These two teams haven't decided on anything.)
Is there "Baby Shark" on the karaoke machine?
It's the children's song.
- No. - No?
Gosh, the song isn't on the machine.
What about "Battery of Love"?
It has some seriously high notes.
(Let's try this!)
(Battery of love)
(Wailing)
It's okay. I'll help you through it.
Let's sing this and dance the twist.
- "Battery of Love". - Do you know this song?
(Are they going to dance?)
Just dance like this.
(It's fun!)
- Right? - Right.
We're off to hair and makeup.
- Do we have one? - Who's that?
(Of course we do!)
- Ha Ra? - Ha Ra.
- Like this? - Yes.
(How are Joon Ho and Narsha doing?)
(A martial arts show?)
Your behind is quite chubby.
I can't seem to do it.
It's kind of stuck.
- Joon Ho. - Did I do it?
No, the rope should be up the center.
- Really? - Yes, like that.
In 1, 2, 3.
(They badly want to win.)
- It won't work. - How is this done?
(Dong Gu and Yu Ra are now in the mood.)
I want red hair.
- I'll put on gloves. - Good.
(He puts on a red wig.)
It suits you!
(Really?)
It's all about covering the face.
Yes, I get what you mean.
Let's do it like so.
(Until the very last second,)
(they practice to achieve perfection.)
(Who will be the best entertainer?)
- Hello, everyone. - Hi.
Welcome.
Both teams of One Night Two Days and...
"Invincible Youth" will put on a show for you.
Would you like that?
- Yes. - Sure!
I can't hear those in the far back.
Would you like that?
- Yes. - Yes!
Thank you so much. Now...
the winner today won't receive any prizes.
(There isn't a prize.)
Meanwhile, there will be jobs.
- Jobs? - Jobs?
(What?)
- Yes, jobs. - Jobs?
- Jobs! - Jobs!
Yes, exactly.
If you find our performances...
boring and lousy,
you can make us do chores.
Who here has a lot to do around the house...
that needs some extra help?
- Me. - There you go.
(We have many jobs to go around.)
(No way!)
- Driver Lee. - Yes?
What do you need help with?
It's the rainy season,
so we have eggplants that need to be harvested.
- Nice. - Packaging too.
Eggplant harvesting and packaging!
- Okay. - Okay!
- Me. - Sir, go ahead.
I've been so busy managing the village...
that I haven't planted any napa cabbage.
What did he just say?
Napa cabbage?
Planting napa cabbage?
Okay, you got it!
- I need help with chives. - Chives?
He needs help harvesting chives.
- Chives! - Yes, chives!
- Okay. - Put your hands up.
Put your hands up, put your hands up.
All right.
(Job Requests)
(Eggplants, napa cabbage, and chives)
Watch the performances...
and think to yourself who should go out there...
to do chores today.
- Okay. - Sure.
Will two teams get to rest then?
Exactly.
The winner and runner-up will get to rest.
- Okay? - Okay!
- Okay. - Okay.
So let me call out the first team to perform.
Who will go first?
(Going first is always a burden.)
- Can we volunteer? - Yes, it's up to you.
(Yu Ra wants to go first.)
- Yu Ra stood up. - Should I have not?
- Yu Ra. - Good for you.
Choose Yu Ra for the chives job.
Chives!
Hello.
(Cheering)
I'm Yu Ra.
- Chives, chives... - Chives, chives...
(How well will she do?)
- Chives, chives. - Eggplants, eggplants!
Eggplants, eggplants...
Let's see you perform.
(What did Dong Gu and Yu Ra prepare?)
(The melody seems familiar.)
All right.
(She lifts the mood with her snake dance.)
("Battery of Love" by Hong Jin Young)
(Yu Ra heads forward as she starts to sing.)
(She plays the ace up her sleeve.)
(Driver Lee, dance with me!)
(It's now a night club.)
My battery is dead
(Dong Gu dances with his partner too.)
(Nice!)
(She's adorable.)
(Tae Hyun's having fun too.)
(The elderly love to sing and dance together.)
Yes!
(Yu Ra knows how to work the stage.)
(She's good.)
Thank you.
(The others stir at the performance.)
- My gosh. - Thank you.
So give it up for our first team.
Thank you.
Next up on stage...
is me, your MC Shin Young.
(They clap to Shin Young's beat.)
(They're in unison even though...)
(she's doing this on the spot.)
(It proves just how good Shin Young is.)
This is great.
(They're super excited.)
Can you hear the train passing by?
- You're unbelievable. - There you go.
Everyone, it's time for our main act.
Give him a round of applause!
(Shin Young and Defconn's main act)
(Defconn dressed himself to look cute.)
(Visually shocking)
(They're supposed to be adorable grandchildren.)
Everyone, clap.
Did you see that?
- Oh no. - Forget...
(They're busy taking pictures.)
(Shin Young and Defconn sing "Eolssu".)
(They dance witty moves set to the lyrics.)
(The ladies are enjoying it.)
(They can't help but dance to this performance.)
(They are professionals...)
(when it comes to entertaining.)
(The audience can't get enough of them.)
(The choreography is designed to their liking.)
We'll now walk over.
(The lyrics and choreography...)
(are in perfect harmony.)
Sing with us!
(As well as their competitors,)
(the intended audience is in love with the show.)
(Defconn and Shin Young's captivating performance)
In 1, 2, 3.
- Eolssu. - Eolssu.
Thank you.
"Battery of Love"!
Imagine how good they'll be working in the fields.
Don't they look that way?
- Next to perform is... - Who's next?
- It's Tae Hyun. - And Gyeong Ree.
(Tae Hyun and Gyeong Ree will perform next.)
I have an event I have to be at,
so I'll come back as soon as it's over.
- Bye. - I'm sorry.
(Hurry on back!)
- Hello, everyone. - Hello.
(What will Tae Hyun and Gyeong Ree sing?)
We'll sing "Angry Woman" by Kim Hye Yeoun.
Please clap along.
(They lift up the mood...)
(with the typical trot beat.)
(Tae Hyun is unfamiliar with the song,)
(but everyone else knows it.)
(The melody makes you bounce your shoulders.)
(The teasing sound of Gyeong Ree's voice)
(Tae Hyun makes it up by dancing.)
(This is fun!)
(He chimes in perfectly...)
(even though he doesn't know the song.)
(Nice!)
(The audience loved their performance.)
Thank you.
Just so you know, we're lousy workers.
It's no use making us work at your field.
Tae Hyun, Tae Hyun. Why weren't you singing?
- Hold on. - Well...
Ladies and gentlemen.
Tae Hyun would love to harvest chives today.
Everyone's wearing a wig.
(They need to be unique to be remembered.)
(We have no chance at this rate.)
So let's see who's next.
It's Joon Young and Chae Yeon.
(Next up are Joon Young and Chae Yeon.)
Hello, everyone.
I'm Joon Young, the youngest.
Hello, I'm Chae Yeon.
- Isn't she adorable? - Let's go!
(Wiggling)
(They start to get their moves on.)
Dance with us!
In 1, 2, 3...
(Dance with them!)
(Their elaborate dancing)
This is nice.
Goodness.
(It's a dance of desperation.)
(We know how you feel.)
(Joon Young's voice is buttery and greasy.)
(He puts everything into his dancing.)
(He's not bad.)
(The village headman loves it...)
(and so does the ladies.)
Let's do this together.
In 1, 2, 3, 4.
(Everyone sings "Shanghai Twist".)
(The two have captivated everyone in the room.)
(They look adorable no matter what.)
In China!
Where?
(What an unexpected result.)
(We've never seen Joon Young...)
(entertain people like this before.)
Thank you!
(The song is over, but he's not done dancing.)
(Harvesting makes even Joon Young dance.)
Thank you.
I could tell how badly you didn't want to work.
Don't be absurd.
Don't you think he'll do a good job on the fields?
- That's right. - He does.
Choose him and he'll receive immunity.
Please give us a round of applause.
(They were surprisingly good.)
Next up are Jong Min and Ha Ra.
We'll be singing "Unconditional" today.
You'll harvest chives no matter what.
(Hey!)
Come on.
(It's obvious that they'll put on a show.)
Dance with us.
(She's already in sync with him.)
(Ha Ra has given up on trying to look pretty.)
(Jong Min is prepared down to every last detail.)
(My goodness!)
(To win and not be chosen to do the chores,)
(Ha Ra gives it her very best.)
(They're both talented singers.)
Come on.
(Drive Lee is mesmerized too.)
(No one can take their eyes off them.)
(This is the best show in town.)
(A perfect and clean ending)
Thank you.
(Are they the front-runners?)
Good job.
Great.
Last but not least, it's Joon Ho and Narsha.
(They won't let their age hinder them.)
Joon Ho. Joon Ho?
- What are they doing? - Narsha?
Don't tell me he's naked.
They're doing a martial arts show.
Joon Ho.
- Gosh. - Narsha, come on in.
They'll choose you to work if they like you too much.
This is your chance to take Joon Ho home.
(They're all busy taking pictures.)
We will put on a martial arts show.
(They'll be performing martial arts.)
I've been doing this for so long...
that I've now become a master at it.
I don't feel any pain. I really don't.
All right.
Let me show you what he means.
Hit him.
(Narsha slaps him across his chest.)
Did you see that?
- Come on. - Good.
Next. Let's move on.
Hold on a second.
- What are you doing? - You can't feel pain?
- No. - In 1, 2...
(Tae Hyun rips off the tape.)
It doesn't hurt.
- Slap my back too. - Your back.
Yes, go for it.
I'm fine.
It hurts. My hand hurts.
Now let's get on with the show.
- So what I'll do is... - Hold on.
I have here boiling water.
What?
- Here you go. - No way.
- Lift up your arm. - Hold on a second.
You're all just getting in the way.
(Joon Ho could die before he performs.)
All right!
(The two finally start their show.)
(He's never been more serious before.)
(An eye mask is needed this time.)
(He seems serious.)
(I'll blow out the candle with my eyes closed.)
(They're all intrigued.)
(What's that?)
(There's a hole in the eye mask.)
(The audience doesn't know.)
(Joon Ho, the weasel)
(He'll never let it end without a laugh.)
(Whatever!)
(Let's dance now.)
(They find it hilarious.)
All right!
(He can't help but join them on stage.)
- Let's party. - It's party time.
(They all join in.)
(It's party time!)
Thank you.
(Joon Ho and Narsha end their performance.)
- Good job. - You did great too.
They prepared a lot including martial arts.
You did great.
Thank you all.
Give us a huge round of applause.
(The talent show is over.)
Now it's time...
for you to choose the team that'll do the chores.
(Who won over their hearts?)
Hello, I'm in charge of the chive field here.
- Hello. - Chives!
- Chives. - It won't be easy.
I'd like to ask the first team to join me.
The first team? That's Dong Gu's team.
- Nice! - The second team?
- You meant the second. - That's right.
He said second.
No, the first team.
- I see. - It's you two.
- He said the first team. - That's right.
I have a lot to do. Planting napa cabbage,
- radish, crown daisy. - Radish!
- What? - And spring onions.
- All this time... - There's a lot of work.
Kim Jong Min!
Choose who didn't entertain you enough.
Back when we filmed "Invincible Youth",
I meant to give Narsha wild ginseng...
- when she collapsed, - Goodness.
but I didn't get the chance.
So I took it and made wine instead.
I was thinking about giving it to her today.
- No way... - So I'll have Ha Ra...
help me at the house.
- What? - Ha Ra?
I meant Narsha!
No, he said Ha Ra.
It's Narsha.
Sir, you said Ha Ra.
I remember you collapsing back then.
Do you remember that she fainted?
- I do. - She might again today.
That won't happen.
- Did you hear that? - She's stronger now.
He wants to give Narsha his gift.
That's right.
So much for having the most hilarious act.
Thank you so much.
- Driver Lee. - I'm afraid the rain...
hurt the growth of my eggplants.
You'll set them straight again,
harvest them, and take care of packaging.
- I see. - Packaging too?
- That task... - Who will you choose?
- Well... - What about them?
- They're the youngest. - Jong Min.
- Please, no. - He's made his choice.
(Driver Lee chooses Jong Min and Ha Ra.)
You can't!
- Jong Min... - They'll be doing a lot.
Thank you, sir.
- Thank you. - Good luck.
- Jong Min. - Yes?
- Have fun. - Sure.
- I wish you well. - Do your best.
Sure thing.
I'll make sure they do a lot of work.
- Guys. - Yes?
- You should follow him. - Of course.
- Do your best. - Sure.
There's no dinner if you don't.
Haven't you done a lot of this before?
I'm sure you've harvested and managed crops.
I'm the world's best slacker.
I can't believe our luck.
You danced your heart out today.
I know. I really didn't want to work.
I thought you were from Shanghai.
From now on, you're Mr. Shanghai.
(That's funny.)
There won't be a "Dinner Game" today.
"The teams going downtown will cook after..."
"shopping for groceries."
However!
There's no way they'll just hand us money.
Right?
If you look over here,
a certain amount is written on the paper.
These must be our targets.
(That is correct!)
("Flying Bottle Cap", The same rules apply.)
(One at a time, they'll flick the cap.)
(They'll receive money...)
(depending on where it lands.)
We'll be set if any of us flicks the cap...
and win a blank check.
We can order a hotel buffet.
- Okay. - What food do you like?
- Beef. - Beef?
There's a lot around here, so I'll buy some for you.
It's up to how well we flick the cap.
- And you, Gyeong Ree? - I like beef too.
Really? I guess we must have beef today.
- I love pork belly too. - We all worked hard.
Beef and pork belly.
- You should practice. - Go ahead.
(A half-hearted flick)
- That was bad. - Chae Yeon.
You better focus.
All right?
- The blank check. - Hey!
(She flicks it too far.)
- Chae Yeon. - Look.
What do you think you're doing?
This isn't the time to laugh.
Gosh, I'm sorry.
(Gyeong Ree's just as awful.)
Watch it!
You know...
- Hey. - What's wrong with them?
- Look at her. - Unbelievable.
Watch out.
Gyeong Ree, please.
- Slow and steady. - Watch it.
(Defconn's busy picking them up.)
I'm rich all of a sudden.
Are you doing this on purpose?
- What's wrong with me? - Are you?
- It's tricky. - You've almost got it.
No, not like that.
Let's practice.
(It's a total mess.)
We're doomed.
(Will we get enough money to shop?)
Should I go first?
No, I will.
- I... - That way.
What's your goal?
- The blank check? - The blank check.
You're a true man.
I believe in you.
I at least have to do this well.
Exactly. I just hope you get this right.
I received an earful from her.
- Let's see. - As a father.
You're right to say that.
You're a father.
A father's challenge.
- He's a dad. - I'm ready.
(Dad, you can do it!)
(We're here for you.)
(Good luck!)
You're a father.
(How will the father do?)
(Will he succeed?)
You're a father.
(Flying away)
(Shocked)
(He thought he succeeded.)
You were able to get nothing.
- Nothing. - Next up is Chae Yeon.
- Okay. - Chae Yeon.
Take your time with this.
Aim for the center instead of getting greedy.
Do as well as the practice round.
Your life depends on it.
DIA's destiny hangs in the balance.
That's right.
She didn't say she was ready.
(She didn't say it.)
- That's right. - You should've said it.
She didn't say she was ready.
You did so good and now you're ready.
I'm ready now.
We shouldn't be afraid of challenges.
Take your time.
Okay, that's five dollars.
- Five dollars. - It's right on the line.
(Fortunately, it landed on the line.)
Five dollars!
(Chae Yeon raises 5 dollars.)
Good job. You did much better than I did.
It's my turn now.
(Next is Defconn.)
- All right. - Don't get your hopes up.
Flick it with force, but not with too much force.
50 dollars...
At least get something.
(What a chicken.)
(They're all thinking the same thing.)
(Defconn raises 0 dollars.)
Joon Young's next.
I believe in you.
Oh no.
I'm ready.
- He's ready. - Do you want beef?
Yes, beef.
(His partner likes beef.)
(He promised her to buy her all the beef.)
(Will he be able to keep his promise?)
- Darn it. - 10 dollars.
(Joon Young manages to raise 10 dollars.)
- Darn it! - You did great.
- I should've been bolder. - We have 15 dollars.
- Right. - We have 15 dollars.
- Right. - Next is Gyeong Ree.
- Me? - I'm such a chicken.
Come on over.
- I think... - The blank check.
She's meant to be the hero of today's episode.
Gyeong Ree.
(Tae Hyun is mesmerized by her.)
You're the hero today.
Aim for the blank check.
- Okay. - My goodness.
You can be in charge of the team's financials.
You can handle our costs.
(I'll be that for you today.)
I'm ready.
All right.
(Screaming)
(Surprised)
You got 5 dollars, so that's 20 in total.
(She flicked it with confidence.)
(She ended up raising 5 dollars.)
- Still... - Exactly.
That's 12 packs of ramyeon.
(They raised 20 dollars in total.)
My partner is absent at the moment.
See you later in the evening.
(She left for a while to cover her busy schedule.)
Could we try once more? It's our last chance.
At least you two got the chance to try.
Very good. Keep this pace.
Chae Yeon, let's do this.
Try to reach the blank check.
Good.
Very good.
Try to reach a bit further.
Let's do it.
- Let's do it. - Now is the time.
Now is the time. Go for it.
I'm ready.
(It falls off.)
(Sad)
Give us one more chance. She's got the hang of it.
How much do we have now? 20 dollars?
Each of them won 10 dollars.
- We have 20 dollars. - Let's bet 5 dollars.
- Please. - Show them your cuteness.
- We'll bet 5 dollars. - Let's bet 5 dollars.
(They get 1 more chance, betting 5 dollars.)
This is how people get addicted to gambling.
- Let's go for 10 dollars. - If we eat ramyeon,
there's no difference between 15 and 20 dollars.
We can buy ramyeon with 10 dollars.
I'll get rid of it.
There you go.
- I'll go for it. - Already?
Are you sure?
I can do it.
Hey, you almost messed it up.
I'll do one last practice and then go.
Let's not look at it. Let's look away.
- Good. Now let's do it. - Now go for it.
- We'll be looking away. - I'll go for it.
I'll go for it.
(Today's dinner...)
(depends on her hand.)
(The bottle cap starts sliding.)
(Please)
(Chae Yeon wins a blank check.)
(This is unbelievable.)
(Chae Yeon, you are the best.)
(It was so perfect.)
DIA! DIA!
- DIA! DIA! - DIA! DIA!
DIA is the best!
Yes!
Let's call a catering service.
A catering service.
(We love you.)
You are the best.
Thank you.
Seriously, this is amazing.
She did a great job.
I've never seen something like this.
We haven't either.
This is amazing.
Good job.
(This is incredible.)
- Let's go eat now. - There was a reason...
why we were left here.
- We're actually lucky. - Right?
Give us the card first.
Give us the card.
Let's start with rib eye.
(Let's start our supper with rib eye.)
Gyeong Ree, you were here.
(The five of them head to the market.)
- Where did you get it? - I bought it.
(Gyeong Ree eats a chocolate bar.)
You're not supposed to eat that.
But I bought it with the money earlier.
I hate you. One Night Two Days.
Gyeong Ree, I understand it's annoying.
Let's buy a lot of things.
We have a blank check.
Since we have a blank check,
let's spend hundreds of thousands of dollars.
It's going smoothly today thanks to Gyeong Ree.
- I know. - It is.
Totally smoothly.
What's wrong with the other guys?
Team 3G.
I feel bad for those three.
I had a feeling that the villagers would pick them.
Old people tend to go with something familiar.
Right.
And the three of them asked the villagers...
to dance with them.
They were so passionate about it.
(They did their best...)
(to impress the senior villagers.)
I was wondering why Tae Hyun didn't do the same.
I did my best.
Since we've got a blank check,
we can buy a lot of things, right?
I feel like eating pork rinds.
- Should we buy that too? - Sounds good.
I really want to eat pork rinds.
Pork rinds are good indeed.
I don't have a posh taste.
I feel like seaweed stems. Should we buy that too?
That sounds good. With chojang, right?
- Seaweed stems? - Chojang sounds good.
Do they sell seaweed stems?
- They do. - At a side dish store.
Let's go to a side dish store and buy everything.
- Mumalaengi is good too. - Buy all they have.
- I like salted octopus. - Right.
Salted octopus?
- What about seafood? - Seafood?
Which seafood?
- What about raw fish? - Shrimps.
Gyeong Ree. You remember everything, right?
- Yes. - It's our shopping list.
How about one whole croaker?
A big croaker that weighs 10kg.
Come on.
(They arrive at a traditional market.)
Maybe we should start from here.
(Joon Young would like to go to the butcher's shop.)
Beef.
- It looks good. - Let's go in.
I saw a place that has Korean beef.
- It's around that corner. - Let's go in.
Hello, Sir. Do you have Korean beef?
- Korean beef? - Yes.
- They don't? - They have pork belly.
- Pork belly. - Pork belly sounds good.
Sir, how much is the refrigerator?
Defconn, do you know pork belly includes the rind?
- Yes, it does. - It has rind on it.
It's different from ordinary pork belly.
- Let's go for it. - Let's get that.
This is on the house. Just take it.
If you want, you can take it.
No, we're fine. We...
Let's buy some pork belly.
We won the game and won a blank check.
It seemed like you were always starving on TV.
We used to be, but today we have a blank check.
Give it to me. Goodness.
Ma'am, look.
(I have a blank check today.)
We won the game today.
We've got a blank check today.
Let's buy a lot of meat.
Let's do that.
The meat looks nice.
It looks amazing.
Thank you.
- 1.6kg. - 1.6kg.
Which store has the best beef?
Which butcher's shop?
- We're going there. - It's in the market.
- In the market? - Thank you.
(They can have a meat party the whole night.)
- What is it? - Jjolmyeon looks good.
It's millet pancake.
- It looks tasty. - Look at this.
This one, Gyeong Ree?
- Yes. - Come here.
Let's get these two.
- Buy them all. - Are these the last ones?
- Yes. - I'd like to buy them.
- Gyeong Ree wants it. - Thank you.
Thank you.
Sir, how much do 12 people need for a barbecue party?
You need a whole box.
Two bags would do.
That's a lot.
It's going to be a party.
We'd like to buy some chili peppers too.
Garlic.
- Garlic? - Can we grill garlic?
- Yes, we can. - Good.
- This must be it. - This is the place.
So this is the place.
The owner is in the shop.
(We have been looking for this place.)
Look at the meat.
- My gosh. - It looks amazing.
(The way meat is cut looks beautiful.)
- It looks good. - Thank you.
Look at the meat.
(The red meat looks beautiful.)
My goodness.
Even I have never bought so much meat.
- Me neither. - This is incredible.
(They ordered a sufficient amount of beef.)
- It looks good. - They look pretty.
- 10 dollars for 5 apples. - 10 dollars for 5?
- There are grapes too. - Grapes!
- Grapes! - Grapes!
- How much are the grapes? - I want grapes.
- Just buy grapes. - How much is it?
- Let's get 2 bags. - 2 bags.
Peaches are in season these days, right?
- Yes. - This and this...
Yes.
- Let me carry it. - Thank you.
Thank you.
Hey. Defconn.
Let's eat some sundae.
Shall we?
- Pardon me? - Sundae.
It looks amazing.
Shall we take a seat here?
Let's get two portions.
Sounds good.
I have to eat sundae when I pass by.
You can eat this with sundae.
What is it?
- She's so nice. - What is it?
- I have tried it before. - It looks good.
- Thank you. - Can I try?
- Is it lettuce? - Yes.
I love this.
Isn't it hot?
- It's a bit bitter. - It's very bitter.
It's like medicine.
You can eat it with sundae because it can be oily.
- Let's eat them together. - Thank you.
Here we go.
(A plateful of sundae is served.)
- It's been a while. - Thank you, Chae Yeon.
- You're welcome. - Thank you, Gyeong Ree.
- It's all thanks to you. - It's all thanks to you.
- It tastes good. - It's tasty.
(It's the best.)
She said it's homemade.
It was a good idea to order it.
- It's so tasty. - Shall we drink alcohol?
My gosh.
How about 1 glass each? Just 1 glass.
Do you have makgeolli?
- Yes. - Do they?
Yes, they do.
(Unfortunately, they sell makgeolli too.)
It was Gyeong Ree.
- Gyeong Ree ordered it. - Gyeong Ree said she'd...
like to have a glass of makgeolli.
One bottle of makgeolli, please.
Gyeong Ree, should we shake the bottle?
From what I've seen on television,
they hit the bottle like this.
(That is...)
- Why do you hit it? - Thank you.
You like soju, don't you?
She seems to like soju.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
- Enjoy. - Enjoy.
- Please come often. - Sure.
(The winners enjoy makgeolli.)
Tough girls are popular these days.
It's the trend these days.
They've got good makgeolli too.
- This tastes the best. - It tastes good.
- I can have some more. - It was really good.
(They finished the dish in an instant.)
It clears my nose.
- Can we write too? - What's your wish?
What did you write?
Let's go.
Let's go put them.
- Let's go. - She has a wish.
She wants to meet Highlight.
Highlight? Your wish will come true.
Say what you want to say to Highlight.
Guys, I've been a fan of yours since you debuted.
I want to meet you. I love you.
Your wish will come true.
(Jong Min and Ha Ra arrive at the farm.)
Since we're here, we need to work hard.
Work is work.
You're professional.
I'm a very hard worker.
You're a hard worker?
This house is very well-built.
I think so too.
- That's why... - Is it your real name?
Yes, Koo Ha Ra.
Your family name is Koo?
You didn't know that? He's so mean.
I'll show you how to do this.
Hold this and follow me.
Okay. Let's go.
(Would they be able to pick all the eggplants?)
You should pick an eggplant like this.
You should pick eggplants that are...
- longer than a handspan. - Is it acceptable?
- Yes. - It's acceptable.
- Like this? - If you pick a small one,
- we can't sell it. - Look.
- Okay. - It's a pass.
- Am I good? - Yes, you did a good job.
- That's how you do it. - Okay.
Should we pick them and put them in a box?
- Yes. - Only one box?
What? You should do it until the sun sets.
What?
Drag the box like this.
If there's an eggplant to pick, stop right there.
- You should pick this. - Can I pick this too?
- It's a span long. - Right.
I don't think we can do this until the sun sets.
We can do this. It's not hard.
- Gosh, this is big. - You should go that way.
This is big.
- Pick them on both sides. - This is huge.
On both sides.
This one.
This is really big.
- It's a good one. - Gosh.
This is a good one too. Look at this.
- It's too small. - I'm sorry.
We'll work hard anyway.
(He found a big one again.)
Jong Min, you're good. You look like a farmer.
- What about this one? - I just picked two.
All right.
Jong Min should teach me.
Stop it.
(A compliment makes Jong Min dance.)
This is big.
(This is the power of a compliment.)
And it's straight.
I like fried eggplants.
(He's motivated.)
I want to eat it.
You should pick them all today.
- Okay. - We'll try.
- Once you're done... - We can't pick all.
Okay.
(Jong Min is not an easy prey.)
If you do a good job, I'll pay you a lot.
Are you sure? You should keep your word.
We have a good harvest.
(Now all they have to do is work hard.)
This is big. Look.
(When would they be able to finish it all?)
(She works hard without saying a word.)
This is twisted.
(Meanwhile, Jong Min is being very talkative.)
It's twisted.
- Jong Min. - Yes?
Are you working hard?
- Are you? - Of course.
- Is it going well? - Yes.
(Driver Lee is watching.)
- Jong Min. - Yes?
Let's make an acrostic poem with eggplant.
With eggplant?
Yes. First verse.
Ha Ra is slender.
That's wrong. You chose a wrong word.
- Really? - Yes.
It sounds about right though.
(Slender is right.)
Ha Ra is slender.
Second verse.
Do you have a boyfriend?
What's that? Are you confessing your love?
- What? - Are you confessing love?
No, I'm not.
- No? - I just asked a question.
Just stop talking and get back to work.
(Stop chatting away.)
We're just bored.
I met Ha Ra after a long time.
I'm sorry to let you work after such a long time,
but do it right.
- Okay. - Yes, sir.
Will you release a new album or something?
I'm working on an album for the Japanese market.
Japan? A solo album?
- Yes. - I see.
- Need a guest singer? - No.
No? I see.
(Giggling)
I wish I could promote my song in foreign countries.
I don't need a guest singer though.
Even if I do, I won't need you.
Really?
- What about a bodyguard? - You as my bodyguard?
(Jong Min just wants to do something for her.)
You should be a porter.
I'm pretty good though.
I beat Defconn at arm wrestling.
- Arm wrestling? - Yes.
I see.
You don't seem interested in me at all.
I can tell.
Are you a fool or a genius?
I'll tell you next time you see me.
What? What did you say?
- I'll tell you next time. - Next time I see you?
- Yes. - Where?
Wherever.
You're being ridiculous.
- Ha Ra. - Yes?
Let's say there's someone you love.
- Okay. - He's really good.
- You love him so much. - It's not you, is it?
Right. It's not me.
When will you get married?
- I want to get married. - You do?
- Meet a girl like me. - What? Why?
Why do you think so?
I'm a good girl. You know that?
Tell me why you think you're good.
First, I'm good at farm work like this.
I'm considerate of others.
I know how to liven up the mood.
I'm well-informed in financial matters.
- Wow. - And...
I understand men well.
And...
- And... - You're quick-witted.
Exactly. I am quick-witted.
I'm a little old though.
You're a little old.
(Ha Ra is in her mid-20s.)
You should meet a man like me.
Gosh.
What kind of man are you?
I need a caring person.
I need someone who knows a lot about finance.
I require a great deal of care.
You're so tiresome.
Right. That's what makes you shine.
You think?
(Jong Min makes his beloved one shine.)
I guess I agree.
(Dong Gu and Yu Ra arrive at the chive field.)
- Are they all chives? - Yes.
- It looks beautiful. - It's all chives.
- This one? - Yes.
I'll show you what to do.
That's right. We're here to work.
It's just so pretty.
Hold it and...
(Mow it with a sickle.)
Hold and mow it with a sickle.
(It looks somewhat simple.)
He cut it at once.
It looks easy but it won't be as easy as it looks.
I think so.
- I like the sound though. - I know.
(They get a cushion for the work.)
All right. We're ready.
You should be careful, okay?
- Yes. - Be careful.
Do you cook buchujeon with the chives...
- you just reaped? - Yes.
That'd be delicious.
- Have you done that? - No.
I was hoping we could do that.
It's really good.
We've never tried it before.
- Look. This feels good. - Really?
- I like the sound. - I know.
It sounds good.
Is it fun?
- Yes. - This feels pretty good.
I like the sound.
And it smells really good.
I like the smell.
(She likes the smell.)
It's aromatic.
I want you to mow them all.
- Okay. - Okay.
- This is so aromatic. - Right.
- It smells like jeon. - I know.
Smell it.
That's because you make buchujeon with this.
It smells good as it's fresh.
(They reaped quite a lot.)
All right.
You're good.
(Yu Ra is good at using a sickle.)
I'm speeding up.
- She's really good. - I know.
She's even better than me.
Is there a reason you picked us?
You looked so energetic when you sang.
Energetic? I know. That's who we are.
- We're full of energy. - We look vigorous.
This is a lot.
We shouldn't have seen that.
It turns out 330m is very big.
I know.
(There will be an end if we work hard.)
(We can still do this.)
It's hot.
(It's hot in the vinyl greenhouse.)
- I'm tired. - Me too.
That's because we don't slack off like Joon Ho.
- Really? - He always goofs off.
I can imagine that.
(Would Dong Gu's prediction be true?)
Hello.
- Hello. - Hello.
We will go plant napa cabbage.
This is the cabbage patch.
- Is this it? - Yes.
It looks well-organized though.
What's that?
We should spread the plastic which is heavy.
I'll show you how to do it.
(Spread the plastic so weeds can't grow.)
I can do this alone.
It's like how you insert toilet paper.
We should cover it with dirt.
Cover it with dirt.
Pull this in the front.
Do you want to do this?
Hold this.
Rock-paper-scissors?
Ready or not, rock-paper-scissors.
(Paper and scissors)
All right.
- We didn't need that. - Pull it in the front.
Drag it.
Is this how it works?
- Right. Stop. - It's so convenient.
Now cover it with dirt like this.
- Keep pulling it. - Okay.
- I'll do it. - Keep pulling.
- About half a step apart. - Sparsely.
It turns out this is an easier job.
(Chuckling)
- It's easier than others. - I didn't know that.
This isn't so bad though.
- This is easy. - It's not that difficult.
We can do this by ourselves.
(He sounds confident.)
(That's how Joon Ho began to practice it.)
Just do it as you usually do.
- Can I do that? - Yes. Joon Ho is good.
Ready, set, go.
- You're being too slow. - You think?
Yes.
- Sir. - Let's do this quickly.
Like this.
Wait.
You can't do it like that.
Go slowly.
- Sir, let's go slow. - Okay.
There's no easy work.
Nothing comes easy.
("Screening Humanity")
You're like an 80-year-old man.
(A rookie farmer, Kim Joon Ho)
(Sighing)
Why did you pick me?
You did the martial arts show.
So I thought you were strong.
- You have experience. - That's right.
I think you lied about not feeling pain.
(Painlessness strikes back.)
- Well... - I'll do it.
- How did I fall? - I'll do it. Take a rest.
It's pretty.
Doesn't it look like gimbap?
It looks like tuna is sticking out.
- Isn't it pretty? - Does it look pretty?
Of course.
- It's nasty. - But we worked on it.
It looks like gimbap.
- Does it? - Yes.
("Screening Humanity")
(Husband and wife make gimbap on field.)
We did well.
Isn't it pretty? Look.
- We did a good job. - We did.
What do we do now?
- In the middle. - Like this.
- We have to do it well. - Yes.
You make holes carefully.
They have to be equally spaced.
Who wants to try it?
- I'll do it first. - Try it.
Come here.
Be careful, Narsha.
You hold this.
Hold it in your hand and keep the same distance.
Touch it and remove it.
Good.
- Good job. - She's good.
(She's showing her skills from experience.)
Narsha.
- This is easy. - Yes, that's easy.
(She finished two lines in no time.)
Where is he?
Gosh, he's slacking off.
Don't hold it up too high.
Does it make bigger holes?
You have to do it very lightly.
(His feet are faster than the eyes.)
Let's film the village.
Please film that.
All that.
Hello.
We said hi earlier.
(He says hello cheerfully.)
Is there something to drink?
- Something to drink? - Yes.
Let's see. What kind?
Sujeonggwa, sikhye, or anything.
All right.
This is all I have.
What's that?
(It's nutritious tonic.)
You don't like this?
This is too expensive.
No, it's just a drink.
Just a drink?
But it has ox bezoar and deer antler.
It's okay.
Can I drink this?
Goodness. It's okay.
I'll try it, ma'am.
I'll film you.
Don't do that.
Just turn away from the camera.
- I'll drink it. - It's okay.
(I'm filming you so you'd feel bad.)
Give them one too.
No. We shouldn't.
(Don't be like that.)
I have to help you. I can't take it for free.
I don't farm, so I don't need any help.
- Do you want a massage? - No.
I have a certificate.
Stay still.
You have a huge knot.
- It's because I work. - Right.
Your bride is coming.
She's not my bride. She's Narsha.
(She looks furious.)
What are you doing here?
- I'm being a good son. - What?
She gave me soy milk.
Why? You gave us soy milk?
Is that why you're giving her a massage?
This is fair then.
Yes, it is.
It's like getting paid for work.
Of course. They shouldn't criticize us.
- We should do 10 minutes. - That feels nice.
I have nothing to give you.
This is more than enough.
I already had one. You take one.
Be my accomplice.
(He suggests for her to be his accomplice.)
Drink it.
Deer antler isn't easy.
(Her pupils are shaking.)
- I opened it. - Give her one.
Isn't it okay if nobody reports us?
They shouldn't report us.
- We gave her a massage. - It's a self-defense.
- They can't nag at us. - This is too much.
Thank you so much.
- We'll take two soy milk. - Drinking this will...
It's hard to earn a living.
(It's hard to earn a living.)
- That's delicious. - Goodness.
- It's delicious. - It is.
It has ox bezoar and deer antler.
- Ox bezoar. - Ox bezoar.
Thank you, ma'am.
This was great.
(Shy)
We have to go. He's waiting for us.
- The sun will set soon. - Come on.
(Yu Ra looks a bit tired.)
I'm sweating more and more.
I think I'll lose weight. A forced diet.
Exactly.
But you regain the weight by eating.
- So you gain weight. - That's right.
Tell Girl's Day members to be on One Night Two Days.
Is there someone you want to see?
It's you, Yu Ra.
Right? It was me, right?
You're happy because I'm your partner, right?
- Of course. - Right?
(Good answer.)
(They feel awkward.)
- Did I force that answer? - No.
All right.
(Have some snack.)
(He's touched.)
Thank you so much.
- I didn't think you'd... - Thank you.
- Goodness. - Awesome.
- Are these from here? - Yes.
I feel so happy all of a sudden.
Thank you, sir.
- Won't you eat with us? - Okay.
- I'll give you some. - Wait.
I'm so excited.
This isn't alcohol, but cheers.
(Cheers!)
Cheers.
- This is great. - Thank you.
(Drinking)
(They finish it at once.)
It's so cool.
- It's good. Is it barley? - It's cassia seed.
- Cassia seed. - Cassia seed?
- Here. - It's okay.
- Thank you. - Okay.
(Yu Ra gives him a piece first.)
Try it.
It's warm.
(It's delicious.)
It's so crispy.
It's so good.
(The chives are so fresh.)
- I'm so happy. - It smells so good.
It's delicious.
- Would you like more? - No.
- I eat it every day. - I see.
(She devours the pancake.)
I always have this as a snack.
It's so good.
- I want makgeolli. - I know.
- Do you want it? - Yes!
Thank you!
I'll bring it.
Just one glass.
- Makgeolli is a must. - Yes.
One glass of drink is a cure-all.
Exactly. We wouldn't get drunk with one glass.
That's right.
(Happiness comes after a long wait.)
Let's go greet him.
(Makgeolli and chive pancake)
- Thank you. - Goodness.
It's Hongcheon makgeolli.
Yes, I brought Hongcheon makgeolli.
(It's a cold makgeolli from the fridge.)
Goodness.
- We have so much. - We don't need dinner.
If we eat a nice dinner, then it's the best.
You worked hard. So I'll pour you a glass.
Thank you.
We complained because this was so difficult.
- We'll work hard. - The work is...
I'm so happy right now.
My endorphin level went up.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
(Careful)
Is it cool?
(Happy)
- It's good. - This is amazing.
(She's saving every drop.)
This makgeolli is so good.
Eating here makes me so happy.
I'm so happy.
I'm glad.
You have to finish before the sun sets.
- Please go back to work. - Okay.
You've been waiting too long.
I'll just take one more.
(They look brighter after the snack.)
You're good at cutting this.
Makgeolli gave me power.
(They cut without a break.)
I can see the end.
- I have strength again. - Me too.
(After cutting after cutting...)
It's done!
(They finish cutting the chives.)
- Sir. - Yes?
(Goodness)
Didn't I pick them well?
- Yes, but... - What's wrong?
the stem is a bit too long.
- This is prettier. - I didn't know.
I forgot to teach you earlier.
Right. We can make it pretty now.
Okay. Make it pretty.
Cut it and make it pretty.
You're doing well.
- Sir. - Yes?
I cut this white one.
Goodness. That's bad.
They'll all fall down now.
Jong Min, why did you do that?
This part got cut.
Pour them here. They're too heavy.
Pour them here?
I knew he'd do that.
(Eggplant picking continues.)
(They concentrate and work hard.)
(The boxes get filled with eggplants.)
(He's quite serious.)
(They filled six boxes already.)
Okay, I'll put it here.
(He goes back with an empty box.)
Do you want to ask me anything?
No.
(That's a flat refusal.)
You're just like Shin Ji.
How charming.
(He's blinded by love.)
(Time passes.)
I'm getting tired now.
He's bringing a carrier.
(Driver Lee comes with a carrier.)
He's here. Let's go now.
- Ha Ra. Let's go. - Yes?
Jong Min, let me finish up here.
(He's proud of Ha Ra.)
Let's go now. We have other work to do.
I'm done.
I guess you have to see things to the end.
Jong Min, you've worked hard enough. Come on out.
Not at all. I should do everything I can to help.
It'll get dark soon.
It's okay.
I should help. You usually work alone.
I'm stopping now only because you insist.
(Those are all empty words.)
- It's heavy. - Let him do the lifting.
I can lift it by myself.
(Here we go.)
- See? - You're a real man.
Of course.
(Did you see that?)
(See what?)
She does things I didn't even ask for.
(A worker by nature)
You're a hard worker.
(Ha Ra is the best.)
- Which way are we going? - That way.
Down there?
Jong Min, you should do this. Why am I doing it?
(They head to Driver Lee's house.)
(Great work.)
(I worked so hard.)
I'm hungry. We should eat some snacks.
Driver Lee. What do you want us to do now?
We've picked the eggplant, so we should process it.
- Put them in boxes. - In boxes?
Let's do it.
Shouldn't we eat some food?
- Like this? - Yes.
Put your hand in.
She's good.
Of course.
She's thorough.
(Slacking off again)
You're doing great.
Use the water pressure to clean it.
- There you go. No. - Like this?
Press it like this. That's right.
Like this?
(She punishes him.)
You told me to press it like this.
Hey.
It's because you're not helping. Come and clean.
How many should I put in?
- 50. - 50 in each box?
(50 eggplants for each box)
(They make the last spurt.)
Since you've worked hard today,
I'll let you eat some grilled eggplant.
Thank you. It sounds delicious.
I've picked out some fresh ones.
(Nobody asked him to.)
- Sir, I got the big ones. - Good.
- Come here. - Can we eat one each?
(He moves fast for food.)
They're so fresh.
(He pours sesame oil on the pan.)
Jong Min, slice them and grill them. I'll go...
- and get the salt. - Okay.
(He's exempted from work.)
How should I slice them?
(Ha Ra has to work hard alone,)
(but she quietly keeps working.)
Let's see. I saw people slicing it this way.
They slice it like this.
Oh, I can also slice it this way.
(It's a mess.)
- Should I grill it now? - Yes.
(Sizzling)
Ha Ra is working hard alone.
(A threatening look)
(Oh, boy.)
My back aches a lot.
(You'll be fine.)
Gosh, my legs are sore.
Mister. Could you move that here?
- Okay. - My back is aching.
Come here if you're done. It's almost ready.
- We're not done yet. - We're not.
You can stop now. It won't be enough for a box.
- Really? - It's less than 50.
Shall we grill them all then?
- Gosh, you did great. - Sure.
Ha Ra, let's taste it.
- What is this? - I'll give you one.
- Dip it in the salt. - It'll be too hot.
It's not hot. Probably not.
- Here. - Blow on it first.
(She takes the eggplant.)
Is it still hot?
(She's worried, but she puts it in her mouth.)
Wait.
(Goodness)
- I'll give you one too. - It's too hot.
- Of course, it'd be hot. - It's too hot.
Really? Is it hot?
Of course.
It's seriously hot.
(Eat it slowly.)
(Ha Ra seems okay now.)
Gosh. I want this.
- What's that? - Beer.
(It's hot.)
- It burned. - Gosh, it's all burned.
(The hot eggplant makes his legs weak.)
You're good at eating hot food.
(It's crazy hot.)
- It's really hot, right? - Yes.
Why did you eat it without cooling it down?
Is it okay to eat this by ourselves?
It's okay.
- Really? - Eat when you can.
Joon Ho, I've done about half of it.
- Already? - It's only fair.
I left some work for you so you wouldn't get bored.
- You stopped working. - Go and do it.
- Finish it up. - I see.
You saw me do it, right?
- Sir. - Where have you been?
Sir, please give him a good scolding.
- Where have you been? - I went to greet people.
Sir, he'll do the rest of the work.
- I'll water them. - No, you'll plant them.
Press it hard with your both hands.
Let's place them first...
and plant them later.
Now that we're working together,
- Right. - it's faster.
This is why people help out each other.
You're right. We should help each other.
There is one more over there.
Okay.
We need to carefully plant it.
We shouldn't ruin someone else's farm.
Every cabbage is equally precious.
It's just like raising children.
- Don't you think? - When will you catch up?
I'll catch up with you if it's meant to be.
I've come quite far.
(That's how life is.)
(Time goes by.)
It's getting dark now.
- Yes. - You can stop after that.
Let's wrap it up for today.
- Really? - Yes.
I'd like to keep working.
- You can go on. - Shall we work all night?
- We can. - But it's getting dark.
It is.
Every one of them is precious.
Gosh, you did a great job.
- Thank you. - They'll grow well.
Gosh, my back hurts.
I'll raise them well while thinking of you two.
Thank you.
(Upset)
- Good work. - Thank you.
- Let's go to my house. - Thank you.
I should give you a present.
- A present? - Really?
- Should I put it here? - Go ahead.
- Let's go. - Okay.
- Where should I put this? - You can... Goodness.
- Goodness. - Oh, gosh.
That was close.
Gosh, sir.
Why did you push me?
I...
(Inner peace)
Sir.
What are you doing? Sir.
I lost my grip.
I'll just put it away.
- I'll do it. - No, give it to me.
- I'll do it. - You've worked too hard.
- Let me do it. - I'll pour this on you.
- You won't do anything? - Let's go. I won't.
She was on "Invincible Youth",
and she became a good worker.
- You're right. - This is nothing.
I was the most hardworking one back then.
That's right.
You have such a pretty house.
It's beautiful, isn't it?
- Hello? - This is...
- Hello. - Welcome.
Hello, Beautiful.
What's your name?
Lee Da Ye.
Lee Da Ye? Do you know who I am?
My name is Kim Joon Ho.
Da Ye.
What's that?
That's liquor, and this is flower tea.
- Flower tea? - Yes, that's liquor.
(A cup of flower tea after hard work)
- Please sit down. - Flower tea?
Yes.
- It's so pretty. - You all worked so hard.
- Thank you. - Cheers.
I hope your cabbage farming goes well.
Please call us.
Yes, we'll send you some.
Da Ye, is something worrying you?
- Look at her. - You look worried.
Da Ye.
She's sitting like me.
Who do you like better, your mom or dad?
- I'll take you with me. - She says be quiet.
- Quiet? - She says stop talking.
(Stop talking.)
Narsha, I made ginseng wine for you before.
- Ginseng wine? - Yes.
You've kept it for over seven years.
That's amazing.
It still looks fresh.
- Here. - Oh, my.
- Really? - Let's have a ceremony.
(It's bright and shiny.)
Please stand next to her.
(It's a precious gift...)
(that represents unchanging heart.)
- Thank you. - Sure.
I feel bad that I'm giving it to her only.
- I'll give you one too. - No.
- Chinese knotweed wine. - Gosh.
- This is the one. - What's that?
Chinese knotweed wine.
- It's good for men. - What's that?
Yes, it's made with Chinese knotweed.
- Is it okay to take it? - Yes.
I didn't really do much work.
You did work hard.
(We still should celebrate.)
I'll consider it as the World Cup Trophy.
Joon Ho, we're so lucky.
- We really are. - Right?
We're doing so great.
Thank you so much for this.
- Thank you. - You're welcome.
- Bye, Da Ye. - Say goodbye.
See you later, Da Ye.
Say goodbye to him too.
Bye, Joon Ho.
- She's adorable. - We'll get going then.
(Still no news from those who went to the market)
One Night Two Days is so fun.
- Tae Hyun. - It's a great show.
- It is. - It's so fun.
- It really is. - Right.
Where should we go now? Internet cafe?
(Splurging made them happy.)
Where is it?
We can ask young people.
Where is the arcade?
Where is it?
- This way? - Turn and go straight.
- Is it far? - It's over there.
It's not that far.
We go this way.
- To an arcade? - Yes.
We should go if you want to go.
Thank you.
- Have you done it before? - What?
- Shopping like this. - No.
- No? - No.
- It's special. - It's very special.
- That's incredible. - Go outside.
Go.
(They head to the arcade.)
- You're pretty. - You are too.
(She's popular among girls.)
- Is this it? - Here we are.
Wait for me.
- There's a claw machine. - You can take photos.
Sticker photos?
(There's a lot that they want to do.)
(They're very excited.)
- It's been a long time. - This is great.
It's great.
(They enter the arcade.)
Are there claw machines?
(They're impressed.)
This is amazing.
There are other kinds.
- What? - What are they?
This one is cute.
- You should buy it. - Right.
I want this one.
(Will she buy it with a blank check?)
- Get this one. - The blue one?
No.
- No. - That's the one.
(What's going on?)
(She lowers the claw.)
I didn't push the button.
It's okay. Do it again.
We have money.
(She's sad.)
Is it a dollar for a try?
Since you're lucky today, you'll make it.
I'm bad with claw machines.
Choose one.
(She tries again immediately.)
I can do it with one more try.
Try to roll it.
That's not it.
- You got it. - I got it.
- I got it. - She failed.
Why can't you do it?
Grab one.
(She fails again.)
You failed.
(She's disappointed.)
- She can't do it. - Chae Yeon.
Why can't she do it?
- It's impossible. - She gave up.
Try something that's possible.
- This is so much fun. - Why can't you do it?
(He stares at it.)
Let's try something else.
Are you good at it?
- I can do it. - She's good.
- Can you get this? - I have many at home.
Really?
Stop joking around.
Can you do it?
- What's your name? - Lee Ji Eun.
Are you a girl?
I'm sorry.
Can you get this, Ji Eun?
(Chae Yeon couldn't get it.)
I can get it.
(Really?)
(She boldly moves the claw.)
What is it?
(Will she get it?)
Is she an expert?
(She isn't an expert.)
(You said that you're confident.)
In how many attempts can you succeed?
I need three dollars.
Three dollars?
Are you good at it?
What if you don't win?
The way she moves is different.
- She's good at it. - Right.
My goodness.
(She was so close to winning the toy.)
You can do it.
Is one more try enough?
I trust you.
There she goes.
(The compliment makes the claw dance.)
What are you doing?
(Everyone is focused.)
(Will she win this time?)
(She fails again.)
It doesn't work.
What will you do about three dollars?
- I'm good with that. - With what?
- The one with hearts. - Hearts?
(He's gullible.)
- It's this one. - My goodness.
Are you sure? Which one is it?
I think she will take a lot of money from you.
Are you sure?
- Is it this one? - I can do well.
- Please succeed, Ji Eun. - I can do it.
Come on, Ji Eun.
Shall we play this one?
(Gyeong Ree notices a punching machine.)
- This one? - Yes.
- Let's take turns. - You and me?
- Yes. - Really?
(It's a chance to show his strength.)
Okay.
(Gyeong Ree starts first.)
- It hurts. - I told you that it does.
What's the score? It's 679. Look, Chae Yeon.
What is it?
- Do you want to punch? - Sure.
It's the last.
(Her score is 598.)
I'm stronger.
- What if it breaks? - I don't think so.
- Gosh. - 5, 4,
- 3... - 3...
You're a real man.
(That was unexpected.)
The machine might break.
- Come on. - Let's go, Defconn.
(He prepares himself.)
That's good.
(His punch is strong due to his weight.)
It's 934.
- You punched hard. - Do it again.
Really?
(What are the other two up to?)
Let's do it.
We came this far. Get one.
(She hasn't won anything.)
Shall I use my own money?
(She's willing to spend her own money.)
Goodness.
I'll succeed no matter what.
Really?
I only have two dollars.
(She spends everything that she has.)
Try it with your own money.
(She spends all her money.)
You weren't desperate since it wasn't yours.
(Will she win?)
Sir?
(I spent all that I have.)
- Sir? - Are you sure?
- I can do it. - Let's do it.
You should get at least one.
Take your time.
(I told you to take your time.)
Be more careful, Ji Eun.
I'm being very careful.
It should flip. I got it this time.
- I got it this time. - Really?
My goodness, I can really do it.
Do you have any money?
(Laughing)
I'll pay you back.
Do you have any money?
I'll get it no matter what.
(She's determined to win.)
Get that one.
(It's her last attempt.)
(She's overwhelmed.)
Let's take a photo.
Take a photo of us.
Ji Eun, you spent about 12 dollars.
Where's the camera?
(Let's stop squandering.)
Thank you.
Here's your money back.
(He gives back her allowance.)
There it is.
Will you play?
I can't play.
- Let's take photos. - How do I do it?
Sticker photos.
- Sticker photos? - You can have it.
- Sticker photos? - Yes.
You can keep it. It's okay.
(Happy)
Sticker photos are so funny.
(They haven't taken them in a long time.)
Let's pick this.
(The background screen falls.)
- What is it? - Choose the general.
Look at this.
What's going on?
What is it?
The white background is pretty.
- White? - White.
There's white and yellow.
(He's amused.)
It's ready.
That's great.
(The old members experience a new culture.)
(Dance Dance Revolution is the finale.)
Ha Ra's song?
Ha Ra is here.
- Ha Ra? - Pick a song by Kara.
Yes.
Will you play in normal setting?
- Advanced. - Normal.
Normal.
- Normal is good. - Go back.
(They start at the normal level.)
- Come on, idol singer. - Goodness.
Come on, idol singer.
(She slips from the start.)
- You can't do it? - It's easy.
Chae Yeon.
What are you doing?
(She's about to lose.)
- Joon Young is good. - He's good at everything.
(She feels humiliated.)
- It's by Kara. - Where is it?
(Her feet seem lost.)
(She steps outside the platform.)
- Gosh. - What's going on?
(She steps randomly.)
Come on, Chae Yeon.
(She is clumsy but still charming.)
(They barely finish the round.)
Good job.
What did you do, Chae Yeon?
(Embarrassed)
Let's go.
- All right. - Here we go.
(Meanwhile at the village hall,)
(it's dinner time for the staff.)
(He takes a look.)
(Goodness)
(She waits for her chance to eat.)
Today's side dishes are my favorite.
Really?
I love them very much. Can you give me some?
I could give you. Do you want some?
Yes.
May I take one bite?
She can take one bite.
- Please, ma'am. - Do you hear that?
(She's not allowed.)
I want some tteokbokki.
I'll give you one.
- Do you want some? - Yes.
(The lady is sympathetic.)
Even your mouth looks pretty.
(She ate it.)
(Don't tell anyone.)
Do you want some more?
Eat some more.
Let me eat just this one.
- Just this one? - Yes, just this one.
(Laughing)
I need to be quick.
You're right. Eat quickly.
Joon Ho is coming. Joon Ho is coming.
(She quickly eats the food.)
Thank you.
(What's going on?)
(She pretends as if nothing happened.)
(She joins the staff and sits next to them.)
(Joon Ho shows up.)
(I got you.)
Ms. Koo.
Food truck, staff's dinner,
and Koo Ha Ra.
All right. I got her.
I just filmed the scene where she was cheating.
- Hang on a second. - Spotted at the scene.
What are you doing?
It's over.
- Where's Jong Min? - Wait.
- Let's make a deal. - A deal?
How about you eat a piece too and delete it?
I eat too?
This kind of deals have fooled me many times.
- It's really tasty. - What is tasty?
- Suyuk. Bossam. - All right.
Let's go have a look.
What did you eat?
- Bossam and... - Bossam and...
- a piece of tteokbokki. - a piece of tteokbokki?
All right. She just admitted.
She just confessed what she did.
Sweet.
(Frustrated)
If things...
go bad for us, I will spread the video.
Be careful.
Why on earth did the staff let her eat?
My goodness. That guy is the problem.
I didn't give it to her.
The lady at the food truck did.
I didn't eat it with my own hand.
It was the lady at the food truck.
Ma'am, did you give the food to her?
Since she's a customer...
Did you feed her?
(Did you feed her yourself?)
Both of you should get a penalty later.
- I get a penalty? - Yes, you will be...
the first to get a penalty as a food truck lady.
Things should be fair.
See you later.
Now that I have the video,
you'd better behave yourself in front of me.
- Joon Ho. - Yes. I made it.
(I finally did something.)
(Next week)
(Don't try to be funny. Take it seriously.)
(But their bodies don't bring us down.)
(They start to feel the pressure of the penalty.)
(He makes a loud noise.)
(They don't care about their image anymore.)
(They become competitive for their partners.)
(The girls don't even mind doing a slapstick comedy.)
(Could the girls keep them from sleeping outdoors?)
(And!)
(There's something one must do on this show.)
(It's the morning dip.)
(See you next week.)
(20 years of friendship)
(Let's run away from home.)
(An immature and fun journey...)
(of 42-year-old friends.)
(We might be immature but we have dreams!)
(To be honest, we have never had a fight.)
(When they're together, they fear nothing.)
(A story of troublesome true friendship)
("Dragon Club")
("DNA" by BTS)